Adding Switch.System.Runtime.Serialization.UseNewMaxArraySize (#10775)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/runtime/appcontextswitchoverrides-element.md

|`Switch.UseLegacyAccessibilityFeatures`|Controls whether accessibility features available starting with the .NET Framework 4.7.1 are enabled or disabled. | .NET Framework 4.7.1 |
|`Switch.UseLegacyAccessibilityFeatures.2`|Controls whether accessibility features available in the .NET Framework 4.7.2 are enabled (`false`) or disabled (`true`). If `true`, `Switch.UseLegacyAccessibilityFeatures` must also be `true` to enable .NET Framework 4.7.1 accessibility features.|.NET Framework 4.7.2|
|`System.Xml.`<br /><br /> `IgnoreEmptyKeySequences`|Controls whether empty key sequences in compound keys are ignored by XSD schema validation. For more information, see [Mitigation: XML Schema Validation](../../../migration-guide/mitigation-xml-schema-validation.md).|.NET Framework 4.6|  

> |`Switch.System.Runtime.Serialization.UseNewMaxArraySize`|Use this switch to make BinaryFormatter fast with large object graphs starting with .NET 4.7.2|.NET Framework 4.7.2|

Reviewer: Entries in the table are in alphabetical order. This switch should follow `Switch.System.Runtime.Serialization.DoNotUseTimeZoneInfo`.

I've also proposed an alternate wording:
```suggestion
|`Switch.System.Runtime.Serialization.UseNewMaxArraySize`|Controls whether <xref:System.Runtime.Serialization.ObjectManager?displayProperty=nameWithType> uses a larger array size during object serialization and deserialization. Set this switch to `true` to improve the performance of serialization and deserialization of large object graphs by types such as <xref:System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.Binary.BinaryFormatter>. |.NET Framework 4.7.2|
```

Author: I am working on a program has more features than AutoCAD an it is written in C# and it has a severe performance issues. This switch saved about 6 months of work and I want to share it with others
